Sophie decided to spend what she had coined her crone years high in the mountains in a tiny cottage. Her family thought this was a terrible idea and that was precisely why she knew it was a good one.

It was surprisingly inexpensive to acquire one—but after that the real work began. Supplies, repairs, figuring out how the hell to make bread. But that first loaf that came out perfectly…

“I am crone, and I am free!” she shouted to the wind.

She hiked down to the village every other day and gradually crowded her cottage shelves with teacups in every colour along with trinkets that served no purpose but to please her. She filled her pantry with everything she needed by week, made glorious soups and greeted every morning sunrise from her bath near the largest window.

Then she started to paint.

She had collected every colour, her true purpose in coming to this little cottage life. Now the colours needed out. She set up her first canvas, spread out her many paints and let the colours the sun had sent that day be her guide. The hours alone, colour her only companion, made her feel just as she had imagined they would.

She had just one neighbour, Hal, a salt-and-pepper fellow of five words or less. This suited her just fine. She had not come all the way up a mountain for company.

“I have a freshwater spring on my side,” he informed her on their first meeting. “Had a deal with the last tenant to bring some over every other day. You interested?”

She was. Hal treated it himself. It was a luxury to replace the boiled tap water she currently endured.

“I am not the tenant,” she informed him. “I’m the owner.”

Hal looked at all the half-started repairs, then at Sophie with her graying bun and sniffed, “I give you two weeks.”

The next time he came he caught her on the phone. It was not easy to operate a phone this far from civilization. Sophie had hoped it would be more of a deterrent then it was proving to be.

“I hear you, yes,” she said, trying to wrap it up as Hal quietly waited on her tiny veranda. “But the point is for you not to know where I am.”